docs: release notes for 4.7.b DOC-2109 (#8020)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

#### Features

- Palette now allows you to deploy and manage [MAAS Kubernetes clusters](../clusters/data-center/maas/maas.md) on LXD

>   virtual machines (VMs), enhancing resource efficiency by enabling users to host multiple control plane nodes on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Virtual Machines (VMs), enhancing resource efficiency by enabling users to host multiple control plane nodes on a
```

  single robust physical node. Refer to the Create and Manage MAAS Clusters using LXD VMs guide for further information.

> - Palette and VerteX Management Appliance now supports Secure Boot. Refer to the

Reviewer: Huh? It does? Is https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-2208 fixed with 4.7.b then?

  [Palette Management Appliance](../enterprise-version/install-palette/palette-management-appliance.md) guide for
  further configuration information.
- [Palette Management Appliance](../enterprise-version/install-palette/palette-management-appliance.md) now supports
  single node installation. We do not recommend this setup for production environments.

#### Improvements

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

> - Palette now supports [automatic certificate renewal](../clusters/edge/cluster-management/certificate-renewal.md#automatic-renewal) for <VersionedLink text="Palette Optimized Canonical" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=edge-canonical" /> clusters deployed on [MAAS](../clusters/data-center/maas/maas.md) and [Edge](../clusters/edge/edge.md) clusters.

Reviewer: For Palette Optimized Canonical clusters deployed on MAAS and Edge clusters? Would it be "For MAAS and Edge clusters using Palette Optimized Canonical Kubernetes"?

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

#### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue that caused incorrect registry validation errors when configuring a [pack registry](../registries-and-packs/registries/oci-registry/add-pack-oci/add-pack-oci.md) using an [AWS Gov Cloud ECR registry](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/govcloud-us/latest/UserGuide/govcloud-ecr.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused incorrect registry validation errors when configuring a [pack registry](../registries-and-packs/registries/oci-registry/add-pack-oci/add-pack-oci.md) using an [AWS Gov Cloud Elastic Container Registry (ECR)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/govcloud-us/latest/UserGuide/govcloud-ecr.html).
```

- Fixed an issue that allowed open redirects to be passed through Palette's login flow.
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

> - Fixed an issue that caused the pods of the <VersionedLink text="Spectro Proxy" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=spectro-proxy" /> pack to be continuously reconciled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused <VersionedLink text="Spectro Proxy" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=spectro-proxy" /> pods to be continuously reconciled.
```

  Appliance](../enterprise-version/install-palette/palette-management-appliance.md) guide for further configuration
  information.
- <TpBadge /> Palette and VerteX Management Appliance now support single node installation. We do not recommend this
  setup for production environments.

#### Improvements

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
- Palette now supports [automatic certificate renewal](../clusters/edge/cluster-management/certificate-renewal.md#automatic-renewal) for [MAAS](../clusters/data-center/maas/maas.md) and [Edge](../clusters/edge/edge.md) clusters using <VersionedLink text="Palette Optimized Canonical" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=edge-canonical" />.
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue that caused the [VM Migration Assistant](../vm-management/vm-migration-assistant/vm-migration-assistant.md) to leave open connections after VM migrations.
- Fixed an issue that incorrectly allowed the creation of [EKS Fargate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/fargate.html) in [AWS GovCloud](../clusters/public-cloud/aws/add-aws-accounts.md#aws-govcloud-account-us).

> - Fixed an issue that prevented worker node pools from attaching newly created nodes on Azure IaaS clusters created using a Palette version prior to 4.6.32 to an outbound load balancer after upgrading Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where, on Azure IaaS clusters created using a Palette version prior to 4.6.32, scaling worker node pools did not attach newly created nodes to an outbound load balancer after upgrading to Palette version 4.6.32 or later and the cluster's Palette Agent version to 4.6.7 or later.
```

I know it's a bit more wordy, but I think it's important to get the details straight on this one. Especially given how many times we had to go back and forth on it.

- Fixed an issue that caused manifest layers creating using [Crossplane](../automation/crossplane/crossplane.md) to display incorrectly in the Palette UI.
- Fixed an issue that caused [EKS nodes](../clusters/public-cloud/aws/eks.md#cloud-configuration-settings) customized with the `AL2_x86_64` AMI label to be incorrectly configured with Amazon Linux 2023 (AL2023).
- Fixed an issue that caused the [Virtual Machine Orchestrator](../vm-management/vm-management.md) to incorrectly require admin permissions for managing persistent volume claims.

> - Fixed an issue that caused Palette to fail to delete nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that prevented Palette from deleting nodes.
```

> - Fixed an issue that caused new DNS configurations to fail to apply without manual DNS pod restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that prevented new DNS configurations from being applied without manually restarting the DNS pod.
```

  Palette CLI version 4.7.b or later instead. This breaking change affects agent mode clusters only and does not impact
  appliance mode clusters.

#### Improvements

- [Edge host grid view](../clusters/edge/site-deployment/edge-host-view.md) now supports the Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) attribute. It contains information about the GPU of the Edge host, including the GPU model, vendor, memory, count, and Multi-Instance GPU (MIG) capability and strategy. MIG fields are applicable for Nvidia devices only.
- [Local UI](../clusters/edge/local-ui/local-ui.md) now supports displaying all date and time values in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), the browser’s local time zone, or both simultaneously.

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue that caused incorrect [Kube-vip](../clusters/edge/networking/kubevip.md) validation errors to appear when worker nodes were removed and re-added to clusters.

> - Fixed an issue that caused [Local UI](../clusters/edge/local-ui/local-ui.md) incorrect ports when using VIP IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused incorrect [Local UI](../clusters/edge/local-ui/local-ui.md) ports when using VIP addresses.
```
